I like playing basketball and baseball, but I recently didn't do both, so I want to try it when I have a chance. When I was a kid, I played baseball with my friends at the park. That's fun.

I usually speak Japanese and English. When I'm doing job, sometimes I have to talk with my colleague with English, so I'm trying to improve my English skill.

I always write emails. I usually write 10 or 20 emails each day to my client and to my boss or to my colleague. And I write it in English and Japanese.

I am sorry I couldn't catch the question. So I'm going to skip it.

Two years ago. Sorry, I didn't understand what you said.

What I give as advice is, just relax and talk about yourself.

Next year, our company... I hope the sales is getting better and more worker is coming to my office.

It's hard to explain. I'm doing, you know, basic stuff and improve my skill.

I prefer flexible job. You know, if I do same things all the time, I'm getting bored and I can't feel my skill is getting improved.

Money. Um, but, um, I have a good coworker and my boss is really good, so these people are my motivation.

The technological device they used here is absolutely cutting edge.

Can you believe that millions of their self-help books are purchased by each year?

The problem with our meeting here is they don't end with action plans or final agreements.

Our employees think that our marketing strategy are not working.

Until when can we request for changes to our urgent orders?

We would shift our production to somewhere in Southeast Asia this year.

This product upgrade would make us the country's leading information tech company.

Could we sell their existing product with a 20% discount on Thursday?

The best colleague I ever worked with was my colleague that I met last year. He's the same age as me and he's always funny and he's always trying his best. When I have some problem about my job, he always talk with me and he notice that I had a bad feeling and he always talk to me like, are you okay, and I know you have some problem. He always kind, so when I have some problem or difficulties, I always talk to him.

The advertising industry revenue of country A is basically higher than country B, but in 2015, the country B's revenue is higher than country A. Also, country A's revenue is higher than 70 billion US dollars, except 2015. So I can tell in 2015, country A had some problem. And also between 2013 and 2017, both country A and B is getting higher than last year.

Things to do and not to do during... things to do and not to do during... preparing for a joint... must be great asking...

You said you were very nervous, but don't worry. My company is really good, and because the people are so kind to you. Hire a new worker. And there is four departments, so if you don't like one specific department, you can change it.

There is no specific rule what to wear. So if you don't have any appointment, you can wear some casual clothes, and if you have some meeting or appointment, of course, you can wear some business format suit. But as you can see, I'm wearing some t-shirt when I don't have any appointment.

About salary, it's not bad. And holiday, you can, if you have any event, of course you can take a day off. So don't worry about it. And what was the third question? I forgot.

It's good. If I were you, I'm going to apply to some companies. So don't pick my company without applying for other company's job. So if you're interested in our company, please come. So if you have any questions, please call me or text me.

In my house, there's only one room. It's not so large, and I wish if I had much bigger room.

I usually go to work at 9 a.m. If I had some appointment in early time, I need to go to office at eight thirty. But basically, I start work at nine.

I always talk to my manager. If I need to make a decision, I always talk to with my boss and I always get his advice.

Actually, I don't have anything to finish this month, but yeah, basically I need to finish my task, and but yeah, this month I don't have anything.

I usually give them advice, like our language course is, you know, we can make what they want. So there's no stereotype thing.

If my client or customer is getting angry, first of all, I make them, I said to them, like, calm down and hear what they are angry.

To increase my customer, you can make some poster or [unfinished].

If I get fired, I would talk to my parents. And I asked to my dad to hire me to your company.

If that situation happens, I invited him to dinner and talk to with him and persuade with him.

The company should treat all the employees equally, so, but why not, I don't have any opinion.

I have around thirteen meetings every week, but my supervisor usually has twenty.

How many hours do employees in your company need to work per week?

Would it be possible to reschedule the appointment for the following day?

Yumi was offered a higher position and a chance to work abroad, but she immediately declined.

An advantageous career move is what you need, don't you think?

Excuse me, would you happen to know anything about the seminar tomorrow?

So, what's stopping them from making a decision and pursuing these options?

She's focusing too much on what she's getting out of this networking event.

I have ever worked for one company, so this is my best company. I started this work from 2021 and I have had three bosses, and all of them are very kind, and my co-worker is always kind to me. If I had any problem or if I need someone's advice, they always treat me kindly, so I always rely on them. I have been working as a sales, and unfortunately, my client is always kind and good, so it's nice to work with them.

According to this graph, through 2014 and 2018, the passenger's number of Country G is not changing so much, but on the other hand, in Country H, the number of using metro system is increasing years and year. Especially in 2018, the number of people who is using metro system in Country G and Country H is almost the same, which is ten millions people. And in 2017, the number of people using metro system in Country G is getting decreasing.

Okay, last year I attended teaching training, which is, you know, there's one new recruit, so he needs to teach her, so I became a teacher with him, and yeah, it's good.

I like to attend a training which is fun and not boring. You know, if the teacher of training always talk to me and there is no opportunity to speak, it's boring. So I like the training of communication stuff.

I like the face-to-face training. If the training is online, it's easy to attend, but also it's easy to [unclear: slack off], and if there's a couple of students, it's good to communicate with them.

I like online training. It's, as I said, easy to attend, and also the teacher can show the slide or PowerPoint information to a computer, but it's also, you know, if the microphone is mute, it's easy to skip it.
